# Police-Dodger-Game

# Description: This program contains a Tkinter-based timer application and a Pygame-based police dodger game. The game involves dodging police cars while navigating a road until the car crashes either into a wall or the police car. The Tkinter application serves as a timer. Users can start, stop, reset the timer, and even close the timer. In the game, there are controls within the game to pause, restart, or quit the game. The Tkinter timer can also be used as a stopwatch to track how long the user has been playing the game or how long they can survive by avoiding the police car. The main intent of the police dodger game is to avoid the police car while trying to reach and beat the user's high score every time the user plays the game. The game will run forever until the user decides to quit the game or if the user crashes into a wall or the police car.

# Input: The user inputs if they would like to start the timer. Once that is started, the user can input the instructions button to read how the game works then prompt the user to start the game. Once the user decides to start the game, the game will begin and the user will be prompted to use the keyboard and inputs  to control the car (arrow keys or WASD) and mouse inputs for button  interactions. The Tkinter timer uses button inputs for start, stop, reset, and exit actions. Lastly, the user can input 'p' to pause the game or when the game is finished exit or restart the game with the buttons on the screen.
